Watch Online Movies and Series for FREE
www.osdb.link/lm
One needs to call the guy
three times
because he doesn't answer
the phone.
Hey! Wait!
Listen to the latest news
I have.
Remember the dog we ran over
the other day?
- Mm-hmm.
- Guess.
He's alive! He's alive!
The dog is alive. get it?
We ran over the dog.
we thought we'd killed it.
but the dog is alive.
Dog is like the Highlander!
Thank God we didn't bury him.
right?
Right?
Am I right?
What happened?
Did you change your mind?
Well. I couldn't cook.
Well. it's early.
We can order in if you want.
I couldn't cook because
I heard voices in the kitchen.
Here in the kitchen?
I know very well what I heard.
I spent all afternoon listening.
They spoke.
I don't know.
I mean. the pipes are so old
that they tend to clatter.
What do you think you heard?
And besides. Walter.
the neighbor.
is banging away while
fixing everything in his house.
We can hear him all the way
from here.
Was he fixing things today?
Have you heard him?
Don't be afraid. honey.
They were human voices.
What did they say?
That they were gonna kill me.
God damn it.
It's way too early to start
fixing things!
Stop banging!
Stop this noise. asshole!
Stop! Stop!
You will listen to me.
you son of a bitch.
Motherfucker. answer.
Pick up.
Walter.
Walter!
Walter. it's me... Juan.
You're there. jerk.
I can hear you. You're there.
Hey!
You jerk. I can hear you there!
It's you. come on! Hey!
Can you please
stop banging the wall?!
Dude. can you stop banging?!
I can hear everything
from my place!
It's 5:00 a.m.!
What do you think you're doing?!
I'll call the police!
Is that what you want?
Asshole!
That son-of-a-bitch neighbor
keeps hammering the wall
every morning at 5:00 a.m.
That's not Walter.
Clara. is that you?
Is that you banging?
Clara?
Clara!
Clara. stop!
Stop! Stop!
Clara!
Honey!
Honey. look at me!
Look at me!
Stop!
Stop! Clara!
Clara. what's happening?
What's happening?
Stop!
Stop. Clara!
Clara. stop!
Stop it! Stop!
Stop! Stop. Clara!
Stop!
Clara! What's happening?
What... Clara?
Stop! Stop!
Stop. damn it!
Clara! Clara! Stop!
Clara!
Mr. Blumetti.
we want to take you out of here.
We believe what you say.
But you need to cooperate
with us a bit.
Did you speak to my lawyer?
Yes. we did.
But your lawyer doesn't seem to
believe us much.
- No. I've already seen these.
- No. no.
You don't know about these ones.
You've never seen them before.
We know you didn't murder
your wife.
We don't have concrete proof.
but we are after them.
Look at the pictures.
Mr. Blumetti.
This isn't Clara.
That's not your wife.
That happened in 1998
in the United States.
A very similar case.
Almost identical.
Was the case solved?
We will need to know
everything you remember
about what happened that day.
I told everything
to the prosecutor.
Everything you remember about
those two weeks in your. uh...
- In your neighborhood.
- Your neighborhood.
Anything out of the ordinary.
The accident outside my house.
Um. my neighbor. Walter...
he was very upset.
He was remodeling his house
at odd times of day.
Remodeling his house?
Your neighbor. Walter.
Walter Carabajal.
- Hello?
- Yes. hi.
Can I speak with Dr. Albreck.
please?
- Who is this?
- My name is Walter Carabajal.
Sorry. she can't
talk to you now.
Do you want to leave a message?
No. Uh...
I need to speak with the doctor.
I'm having problems at home.
It's been a few months now
that...
I thought it was me
in the beginning.
but it... then it got worse.
And i-it's a bit hard to explain
what's happening over the phone.
Who gave you this number.
Mr. Carabajal?
Well. I-I spoke
to many specialists.
a-and they did agree
on giving me this number.
Look. I'm gonna ask you
to call back tomorrow. okay?
O-Okay.
That's fine.
I'll call again tomorrow.
Could you please tell the doctor
that... that I called today?
Please. Please. Please.
Please.
Hello?
Hi. how are you?
This is Walter Carabajal.
I need help. please.
It's been weeks
since I can't sleep.
I'm on medication.
but it doesn't work anymore.
I'm in a dificult situation.
Tell the doctor I've seen it.
It's not just noises or things
that move on their own anymore.
I saw it yesterday.
I think it's under the bed.
Mr. Carabajal. the doctor
can't see you at the moment.
She won't be able
to take your case.
Please. I'm begging you!
I-I need to speak
with the doctor.
It's incredibly urgent.
I'm going crazy here.
Sir. please take note.
we can recommend
another specialist.
No. no. no!
I've spoken with all of them
already.
They say she's the only one
who can help me.
I can pay good.
I can do whatever it takes.
Just tell me what I need to do.
and I'll do it.
Please. I beg you!
Dr. Albreck doesn't take cases
without analyzing the proofs
personally.
But unfortunately she can't
do that at the time.
How can I provide proof
if they can't be seen?
I'm sorry. Mr. Carabajal.
We really can't help you
at the moment.
Walter.
Hey.
What's going on in your house.
dude?
Why?
What do you mean. "Why?"
My wall is all cracked up.
We can hear you hammering.
Oh. um. it's that
I'm remodeling the place.
Fixing the house.
Okay. don't you understand
you cracked up the wall.
the entire wall?
You want proor?
I'll give you proof.
Who are you?
Aaaah!
Hey. hey!
What are you doing here?
Go away.
Don't drink from that water.
Get away from my house!
Go!
Go away!
I don't want to see you
around here!
Can you hear me?
I-It's for your own good.
G-Go away.
What happened?
- And?
- An accident!
Alicia!
- Situation status?
- All clear.
The boy's been taken away.
They're washing of the blood
from the street now.
Whatever you need.
you can count on us.
Mm-hmm.
Thank you.
Be strong.
I'll stop by tomorrow.
Try to get some sleep.
- Hello?
- Jano? It's me... Funes.
Funes?
What's up?
I apologize for the time.
I wouldn't call you
if it wasn't for.
well. you know.
something very important.
Uh. no. no.
It's okay.
What's the matter?
Four days ago
there was an accident.
A 10-year-old kid
died outside of his house.
And I think you better
come down here
and see what's going on.
I really need your help.
Well. uh. all right.
Yeah.
I sent a police car
to pick you up.
It'll be there in about an hour.
All right.
Jano. you're the only one
who can tell me what's going on.
Who's there?
Too early. no?
What?
Are you all right?
Hi. Jano.
Is it inside?
Nothing really scares you.
right?
You never know.
Let's see.
I know he's not there.
But he was there.
How?
I don't know.
Officer Guzman.
you already know him.
This is Oficer Picarell.
She's fully trustful.
Тhey were
patrolling in the area.
saw the door open.
found her in this state
when they entered.
Excuse me. boss.
Can we wait outside?
He wasn't there.
- Yes. you can go.
- But I saw him.
They're really scared.
They have reason to be.
Jano.
The kid just died four days ago.
I went to his funeral
and the burial as well.
Do you get it?
He appeared out of nowhere.
He sat there as usual.
and I prepared
his cereal with milk.
Is this him?
Um. the oficers say that...
they saw him move.
I don't know.
I swear. I even think I saw him
move for a moment there.
He smells like a rotting corpse.
Yeah. he stinks.
Do you think that Alicia
could have put this scheme
together?
Look at his hands. Funes.
They're torn up. you see?
He must have scratched
at the dirt for a few days.
You know...
there are many cases of
unearthing corpses
from their own relatives.
Some people can't stand the idea
that their son is dead.
Some are even crazy enough
to steal bodies.
I think we should check
his mother's clothes too.
Perhaps we could find
some small traces
of bacteriological infection
or cadaverous matter.
Who knows what we'll find?
Seems like you're hesitating.
I am.
I seriously doubt that this is
one of those cases.
That's the explanation
I can give you.
It isn't the one
you were expecting. right?
No.
Yes. I know.
Because it's not.
But it's the explanation
you should give.
Do you know who this is?
What?
I asked if you know the woman.
Yes. I do.
Mm.
We had a really nice...
relationship.
For many years.
He moved.
Was his arm in the same position
it was now?
I believe so. yes.
How is that. Jano?
How?
- Did you take pictures?
- No. we didn't do anything.
It's okay.
We shouldn't anyway.
What do you mean?
I don't get it.
Just that.
We shouldn't do anything at all.
The best we can do
is bury him again.
Oh. yes.
Bury him.
Are you joking. Jano?
Funes. let me make this clear.
I suppose you are aware of the
dificulties all this can cause.
Are you?
I do.
Imagine if the prosecutor's
ofice got involved.
Your friend there will end up
in the madhouse.
And given the circumstances.
she would stay there for years.
I believe we should
find a way to avoid that.
don't you think so?
What do I tell my people?
That these were
postmortem spasms
caused by accumulation of gases.
It's a body in a state
of decomposition.
We should probably find
some injectable Valium.
It would be better if she's
sleeping when we take her son.
Don't ever
turn the lights of again.
What's happening here.
little boy?
Why did you decide to visit us?
What brought you back here?
I have to call my sister.
She has to tell the priest.
I don't want anyone
to take him away.
Don't take him. please.
Don't take my baby away.
Excuse me. do I know you?
You're too interested
in taking pictures.
Do I know you from somewhere?
Aren't you the specialist.
Mora Albreck?
Dr. Albreck.
And who are you?
I can't believe I'm finally
meeting you in person. you know?
My name is Mario Jano.
Pleasure to meet you.
My pleasure.
I attended several
of your conferences
about paranormal activity.
metasymbiosis.
Sorry. what are
you looking for here. Doctor?
Can I help you?
This address?
Yes. this is the place.
That's strange.
When I press
the intercom button.
someone seems to pick up.
but no one speaks.
They don't answer the phone.
Do you know Mr. Carabajal?
Have you seen him lately?
Uh. no.
No.
Thing is...
I-I don't live here either.
You know. this is
more than just a coincidence.
If I asked you to please
come with me. would you come?
You're gonna like this.
It's interesting.
Funes.
Meet Dr. Albreck.
a colleague of mine.
An eminence. really.
Can I speak to you
for a minute. please?
Yes. excuse me.
Did you call her?
- No.
- How come?
No. this is more than
just a coincidence.
Well. it doesn't matter.
We won't be able
to move the corpse.
- Why not?
- Because look what time it is.
Because it's a mess.
There are people around.
and they will see us.
You're not telling me
you can't solve this issue
with the cemetery. right?
- You're the deputy.
- The problem's not the cemetery.
There are
too many people around.
They can see us with the kid.
I'm not gonna do it.
I think we should do it.
It's the right thing to do.
- You think?
- Yeah.
Hey. hey!
- Hey. relax.
- She's taking pictures.
She knows what she's doing.
Jano. she's taking pictures.
Please. trust me.
She knows what she's doing.
Please.
You know of my health problem.
right?
Yes. I know.
I will retire in two months.
I don't have a single stain
on my record.
You know the problem with
something like this can cause?
- You know?
- Listen to me. Funes.
Look. this is the right thing
to do.
Alicia's friends
are on their way here.
They're coming to have tea.
and the kid is sitting there.
Can you please listen to me.
Funes?
You haven't slept.
You're too nervous.
You have to do something.
Please take the oficers away.
okay? Huh?
Тhen go to the cemetery
and sort out the burial problem.
and leave Dr. Albreck and me
with Alicia.
We'll start to take care of her
and find a solution.
And send that patrol car away
before the neighbors around here
start asking questions.
Okay?
Please.
What are you guys hiding?
Did you see that?
I'll be back in a few hours.
- Listen. did you find...?
- No. you listen to me.
Are we doing everything.
all right?
Yeah. yeah. We just need
two bags of concrete.
- For what?
- What do you mean. "For what?"
Do you want him to get out of
the grave again?
Damn it.
That smell.
Something rotten?
No.
Not of something rotten.
Something dead.
We're speaking
the same language now.
Please sit. Doctor.
I want to tell you something.
You know...
I worked for
the forensics department
for 15 years
with Detective Funes.
I used to perform autopsies.
Many of them.
And then one day I received
the corpse of a young man.
20 years old.
He had 14 bullet holes
in his head.
I had no other choice
but to remove his. uh. you know.
I spent around five hours
carving that guy's skull.
And all of a sudden...
he grabbed my arm.
He squeezed it.
then he opened his eyes.
and he looked at me.
He woke up.
Actually I thought
I was just stressed out.
But no.
Тhis thing happened to me again.
With an old man.
He had been dead for two days.
He woke up.
He looked at me.
And he talked to me.
It didn't occur to me.
calling his family.
But his family
arrived at the morgue.
Can you even imagine what that
poor man's son must have felt?
But. well. these things happen.
Doctor.
And they happen when we meddle
with things
which are not from this world.
I think that we should let these
things go sometimes.
you see.
pay less attention to them.
At least less attention
than normal. don't you think?
What do you think about that.
Doctor?
The dead old guy talked.
blaming his own son
for his death?
Yes. I think I read your book.
- Oh. really?
- Mm-hmm.
The cover was really
very well done.
Excuse me. Doctor. what makes
you think these pictures are...
They are real.
I wouldn't cross half
the country if I had any doubts.
I'm not saying
that they're a fake.
But. you know. it's a very
strange coincidence.
Maybe it's not a coincidence.
Mommy! No!
Someone came in.
The body needs to be moved.
Nobody will believe
the story told by that kid
when he gets home.
Just in case.
She's still asleep.
Yes. not for long. though.
We need to act fast.
I solved the cemetery issue.
okay?
Mm-hmm.
We had to move him out.
- Where is he now?
- In the freezer.
Unplug the power cord. Jano.
For Christ's sakes. Jano.
Um. uh. we're gonna have to take
the whole thing.
Detective. you'll need to
collaborate with us
if you don't want this
to happen again.
Luckily. we count
with the deputy's approval.
But that's not enough. you see?
We need you to fill out
some authorizations
so that we are able to
move forward with this case.
We will need your... your house.
We need to stay at your place
for a few days.
But for this.
we need your approval.
For what?
To investigate.
Mr. Blumetti.
Several paranormal events
have happened in the same area.
and your house is one of
the affected places.
Your neighbors
have already accepted.
and all we need now
is your approval.
Thank you. Mr. Blumetti.
What does all this mean?
it means
that each one of us
will stay in one of the houses
where we believe paranormal
events are taking place.
Fortunately.
we can also count on
the invaluable help
of Dr. Rosentock.
He is Dr. Albreck's colleague.
and he's been in charge
of similar investigations
in the U.S. and other parts
of the continent.
But what happened
with my neighbor. Walter?
We have no idea where he is.
Nobody has seen him
in a long time.
Well. good luck to you.
I think you'll need it.
You are...
- Afraid?
- Afraid.
Yes.
It's normal.
I'm not gonna deny it.
Me too.
I won't deny it either.
I'm also afraid.
Detective?
We're inside.
We could get in okay.
Good.
Have you checked the house yet?
The bill hasn't been paid.
so there's no electricity.
If I get the contact name.
I can restore it.
It's not necessary.
To find what we're looking for.
it's better to have
the lights of anyway.
Ah. ah. ah.
Okay. okay.
Right.
Well. understood.
We'll keep you updated.
Rosentock.
Specifically. what is it
that we might be finding
in here?
Evidence.
Clues that would explain what
happened that... that night.
So...
just clues. right?
You can choose
not to be here tonight.
Fear is. uh. con... con...
- Contagious.
- Yes! Contagious.
I have a problem. you know.
um...
I have a problem
with coagulation.
And besides. I can only hear
very little. so...
So. uh. this is not a suitable
place for you to be.
Hello?
Is that you. Dr. Albreck?
- Hello.
- Yes. hello.
I want to speak to Alicia.
please.
Uh. no. no. sorry.
She's not here.
She's been at her sister's
for several weeks now.
If you want. I can give you the
number where you'll find her.
- Can you take note?
- Yes. go ahead.
4242-1603.
Who is this?
Hi. Ali.
It's me... Sarita.
Listen. I called you
because Patito came back home
without his backpack.
He said he went to your place
to look for his toys
and that he left it there.
I don't know. Please let me
know if you see the backpack.
Take care. honey.
Psst.
Strange. huh?
Alicia. I need to talk to you.
It's urgent.
Please call me
as soon as you hear this.
It's really urgent.
It's me... Sara.
Please. Alicia.
I've been trying to reach you
for days.
Patricio recorded something
very strange with his phone.
He recorded in your backyard.
He. um. he climbed the wall.
as they used to.
I don't know
how to tell you this.
We're very scared!
You need to see this.
It's about your son.
It also about your ex.
the police officer.
I don't know what to do.
Please. call me!
I'm going to try another way
to reach you.
Тhis is overwhelming.
Just call me. please.
Aah! Aah! Uh! Uh!
Aaaah!
- Aah! Aah!
- Hang on. Doctor!
- Help me! Help me! The knife!
- Wait. wait. wait!
- Stay still so I can help you!
- Pull it! Pull it! Pull it!
I'm trying to help you!
It's stuck!
Shh. shh. shh.
It's...
It is. uh... it is. uh...
Uh. uh. uh...
It's s-sucking.
- Sucking.
- Sucking blood.
Something in the cabinet.
It's sucking.
No. no. no. no. no!
Don't shoot! No! No!
Aah!
What?
- Help me!
- Fuck!
Funes.
Lady. look. things are getting
very complicated here.
- Rosentock is hurt.
- Tell her I'm fine.
He's hurt?
I think he should see a doctor.
It's bleeding.
Albreck.
Yes.
We're on the right track.
I'm glad to hear that.
I believe this is the niche.
Niche?
The nest!
We're inside the nest.
I'm glad to hear that too.
It's a pleasure to know we can
count on your collaboration.
Thank you very much.
Let's speak later.
You need to clean up
all traces of blood.
The painkiller will
will take long to kick in.
In the meantime.
you need to hurry.
Clean up the blood
we left around the house.
Me?
Why do I need to clean?
Let's not waste time!
Time here
passes by very quickly.
"Patricio Navarro.
Third grade.
This language book
belongs to..."
Hello?
Listen. Jano. I'm out.
I'm leaving.
It's okay.
Don't worry.
I apologize.
I... I'm not sure
I'm good at this.
You know?
It's okay.
Just relax.
I'll tell you the truth.
my friend... I'm terrified.
You know about
my little problem.
I've seen things here.
things that don't have
any explanation.
Funes...
At least for me.
I can't explain them.
Jano. do you understand?
- Funes...
- What?!
Where are you. Funes?
I'm here in the house.
right here!
Where do you think I am?
Yes. but where in the house
are you?
In the kitchen.
What the fuck is going on?
There's a guy by the window.
That's not you. is it?
What the fuck are you
talking about. Jano?
No. you're right.
He's not in the kitchen.
He's in the room next door.
but...
Where is he. Jano?
Where is he?
There's no one here. Jano.
What the fuck
are you talking about?
Yes.
Yes. it's strange.
- What is strange?
- I don't know.
I-I see him.
but at the same time.
I-I don't see him.
Jano?
Jano. what the fuck?!
Are you there?!
- Rosentock. I'm leaving.
- Yes?
Huh?
Shh. shh. shh. shh.
I'm leaving. This is not for me.
I'm done.
Here.
Below us.
- Below us. what?
- I found him.
Mm?
There's nothing there.
And?
But it's not empty.
It depends on the point of view.
Тhere's more than
just one point of view.
Darkness. Light.
Huh?
Two distinct realities sharing
the same place and time.
Darkness and light.
Holy shit! It moved!
What is that. Rosentock?!
God damn it. Rosentock.
it's moving!
I'm leaving!
Doctor.
Mrs. Albreck.
I found what I was looking for.
That's great. Doctor. to know
your trip wasn't in vain.
I always thought it was
what you were looking for.
Yes.
So. now what should we do?
I don't have any idea.
Let's document
as much as possible here.
Yes.
Jano!
Funes. get me out of here!
There are glass splinters
in my eyes!
Mr. Carabajal.
can you hear me?
I'm Mora Albreck.
Can you hear me?
Doctor.
My friend Jano. he's really bad.
- He needs help.
- Are you all right. Detective?
- No!
- Calm down.
Don't believe
everything you see tonight.
He was hitting the insides
of the cupboards.
screaming for my help.
I tore the cupboard walls.
I wanted to free him.
but I couldn't. I couldn't!
I'll say it again...
Maybe not everything
you see tonight is real.
This blood. it's not mine.
I didn't get hurt.
I'm not hurt.
This is my friend Jano's blood.
There's also Rosentock's blood.
Tell me this blood is not real!
Clean your hands.
Clean them up.
Clean them.
You shouldn't have blood
on your hands.
not in this place.
These beings like blood.
Have you used any tap water
tonight?
I got to go.
I need to leave this place.
Dr. Rosentock?
We need to stop the
investigation. Dr. Rosentock.
Can you hear me. Doctor?
We're exposing ourselves
way too much.
There must be
an explanation. right?
Something?
There must be some...
Not much.
But I need to give
an explanation
to other people as well. right?
There is a theory.
I promise I will understand.
We three study possible
balanced coexisting dimensions
that are organized as if they
were the segments of an orange.
There is life
in both dimensions.
Water is the channel used
to transport microscopic beings.
and these beings can gather
together. nest. and reproduce.
They can use our bodies.
Now. I don't have a clue
what kind of beings these are.
Or why they're aggressive.
Is there any way
to stop all of this?
- Stop what?
- All of this you're telling me.
No.
I had a heart attack.
I guess.
I don't know.
Help me. please.
I can't get up.
Take me out of here.
Please.
You made everyone think
I was mad.
You made me believe
it wasn't real.
You took my baby away.
And someone saw you.
I saw you.
I saw the videos.
I saw how you hid him.
You wanted to hide my baby.
You wanted to hide him. right?
You went and covered his grave
with concrete.
Why did you do that?
I did it for you.
I swear I did it for you.
To give you an explanation.
An explanation
I can only give you.
I'll go to the hospital. Alicia.
I want you to take me there.
Get in.
I wasn't going to
leave him there.
I wasn't gonna leave my baby
in the cemetery.
I could never leave him.
You still have time!
What are you doing?!
You need to save us!
We're being tortured!
Funes!
Copy.
Captain Funes. are you there?
I've been trying to reach you
for hours.
Тhe police station is mayhem.
Your friend came here.
That lady.
Тhe kid's mom.
She was looking for you
like crazy.
I had no other choice
but to tell her where you were.
I think she's headed
in that direction.
I swear I did everything
I could to stop her.
but you weren't answering
the phone.
Captain Funes?
Even the mayor was here.
I was putting my career at risk.
Do you read me. Funes?
Well. I'm here.
I came looking for you
in the neighborhood.
but your car isn't here.
Enrique. do you copy?
Listen carefully.
Get out of there.
Get the hell out of there now.
That's an order.
Enrique. God damn it.
I'm giving you an order.
Get yourself
out of that place right now!
Come on.
Tell me you heard me. Enrique!
Fuck. man. respond now!
Copy. Captain.
I'm outside Alicia's house.
I don't see your car.
but it's okay.
Oh. your friend Jano is here.
I can't see very well.
but I see he's standing
outside the house.
He's acting strange. though.
Very strange.
Enrique. get yourself
out of there now.
It is an order.
Do you copy?
Okay. roger that.
I'm out of here.
Alicia!
Alicia. we need to leave!
Mr. Blumetti.
this is Dr. Razzioni.
And Oficer Guzman.
I would like to mention this
conversation is being recorded
with your consent.
The testimony of any
of the parties here
won't have any legal value.
Today is the 3rd of October
of the current year
at 6:40 p.m.
Blumetti. do you recognize
these three people
who visited you here last year?
Yeah.
Do you remember their names?
Okay. but you remember
talking to them.
What did they tell you?
Yes.
They came to help me because
they had proof of...
why my wife disappeared.
What else?
They made me sign papers.
Yes. yes. your authorization.
What else?
I don't remember.
I guess at the time I was
under the efect of drugs.
Do you know Detective Funes?
Yes.
Yes. he's the police oficer.
He was my neighbor's partner.
- Alicia's.
- Alicia Perez.
Okay.
When was the last time
you saw him?
I saw him the day Alicia's son
was buried.
Is there anything else
about Detective Funes
you think is important
to tell us?
He told me
that he was about to retire.
And that he had
a health problem.
I don't know. We didn't speak
about anything else.
Officer Guzman here
is collaborating with us.
He witnessed how Funes set
your house and others on fire
with people inside.
Detective Funes is a fugitive
of the law now.
We believe he can
also be involved
with your wife's death case.
Talking about your wife's case.
the forensic police
found fingerprints
with your wife's blood not only
in the bathroom.
but let me tell you.
all over the house too.
This slows down
the investigation.
Him.
Did he come with you?
Who?
Blumetti.
the events we're investigating
are not so conventional.
Is this him?
- Rosentock.
- Mm-hmm.
Yes.
He doesn't look like that.
His face is burned.
But it's him.
He came with you.
Yes.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org